Add migration guide v7-v8 (#529)
bakdata/kpops: docs/docs/user/migration-guide/v7-v8.md

# Migrate from V7 to V8

## [Add support for streams-bootstrap v3](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/pull/519)

> From now on KPOps supports [streams-bootstrap v3](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/releases/tag/3.0.1) as its default component. The previous streams-bootstrap version (below 3.x.x) is marked as deprecated and will be removed in future times. If you don't want to migrate your producer or streams app to v3, you should suffix your components with `-v2`. Here is an example of a `pipeline.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on KPOps supports [streams-bootstrap v3](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/releases/tag/3.0.1) as its default component. The previous streams-bootstrap version (below 3.x.x) is marked as deprecated and will be removed in a future version of KPOps. If you don't want to migrate your producer or streams app to v3, you should suffix your components with `-v2`. Here is an example of a `pipeline.yaml` file.
```

#### pipeline.yaml

```diff
- - type: producer-app
+ - type: producer-app-v2

> - - type: streams-app-v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - type: streams-app
```

#### pipeline.yaml

```diff
- - type: producer-app
+ - type: producer-app-v2

- - type: streams-app
+ - type: streams-app-v2

# rest of your pipeline
```

#### my-components.py

```diff
- class MyStreamsApp(StreamsApp):
+ class MyStreamsApp(StreamsAppV2):
    ...
```

<!-- dprint-ignore-start -->

!!! info The default components
    The `streams-boostrap`, `streams-app`, and `producer-app` now all take the Helm values of streams-bootstrap version 3. You can find these values under the [Helm charts documentation](https://github.com/bakdata/streams-bootstrap/tree/master/charts) or by [referring to the Base model definitions](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/tree/v8/kpops/components/streams_bootstrap).

<!-- dprint-ignore-end -->

## [Rename role to label](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/pull/525)

> The keyword `role` is renamed to `lable`. You need to replace it in your `pipeline.yaml`, `default.yaml`, or the Python component definition files. Here is a simple example of the `defaults.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyword `role` is renamed to `label`. You need to replace it in your `pipeline.yaml`, `defaults.yaml`, and Python components. Here is a simple example of the `defaults.yaml`.
```

#### defaults.yaml

```diff
streams-app-v2
  values:
    streams:
      brokers: localhost:9092
  from:
    topics:
      my-labeled-input-topic:
        - role: my-input-topic-label

>         + label: my-input-topic-label

Reviewer: + and - have to be at the very left (first character of the line) otherwise the diff is not rendered correctly

      my-labeled-input-pattern:
        type: pattern
        - role: my-input-topic-labeled-pattern
        + label: my-input-topic-labeled-pattern

  to:
    topics:
      my-labeled-topic-output:
        - role: my-output-topic-label
        - label: my-output-topic-label

# rest of your pipeline
```

## [Make KafkaApp responsible for deploying/cleaning streams bootstrap components](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/pull/522)

The `KafkaApp` component now only contains the deployment logic of the stream-bootstrap applications (streams-app, producer-app). It should not be used in the `defaults.yaml` nor the `pipeline.yaml`. If you are using it, it should be replaced by `streams-bootstrap`.

#### pipeline.yaml

```diff
- - type: kafka-app

> + - type: streams-bootsrap-v2

Reviewer: streams-bootstrap is never used in pipeline.yaml afaik, only in defaults.yaml and custom components

> + - type: streams-bootsrap-v2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ - type: streams-bootstrap-v2
```

The `KafkaApp` component now only contains the deployment logic of the stream-bootstrap applications (streams-app, producer-app). It should not be used in the `defaults.yaml` nor the `pipeline.yaml`. If you are using it, it should be replaced by `streams-bootstrap`.

#### defaults.yaml

```diff
- kafka-app:
+ streams-bootstrap-v2:

>       values:

Reviewer 2: indentation should be two to the left, no?
